insurance to go is the quick and easy
way to get quality mobile phone and
iPhone insurance at a much much lower
price than you'll get on the high street
or from your network our cover starts
are only three ninety-nine a month and
so just select the cover you want enter
your details and you'll be covered
immediately if you take a full cover
policy you'll be protected against
accidental damage liquid damage theft
unauthorized calls overseas cover cover
for your immediate family loss and with
the first company in the UK to offer
cover against any unauthorized mobile
wallet payments we ensure all mobile
phones including iPhones and if
something happens just follow our simple
claims process and we'll send you a
replacement in no time at all so how can
we do all this for less than half the
price of some of our competitors well
it's because our policies are only
available online so we don't pay rent on
shops and we don't have to pay for a big
sales team we also keep prices low by
targeting fraud so we reduce the
fraudulent claims and only look after
our genuine honest customers the savings
are passed straight on to you and if you
pay upfront for a year you save even
more
we specialize in mobile phone and iPhone
insurance with many years of experience
but did you know that here at insurance
to go we also offer laptop netbook and
iPad insurance and so if you've got a
new iPad or a laptop we can assure that
for you to business customers wanting to
cover their mobiles laptops iPads
computers or any other electronic
equipment can get a quote by visiting
our business insurance page if you've
got any questions please get in touch or
just visit our website and get yourself
covered today